    What is the worst date you’ve ever been on?
    Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s boyfriend/girlfriend?
    If you had to make out with a boy at school, who would it be?
    Would you rather go for a month without washing your hair or go for a day without wearing a bra?
    Have you ever asked someone out?
    Have you ever had a crush on a person at least 10 years older than you?
    Who is the worst kisser you’ve kissed?
    What size is your bra?
    Do you wear tighty whities or granny panties?
    Do you ever admire yourself in the mirror?
    Has a crush ever found out you liked them and turned you down?
    Have you ever been stood up on a date?
    What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done regarding your crush?
    Do you secretly love Twilight?
    Have you ever wanted to be a cheerleader?
    Who is the hottest? Hagrid, Dumbledore, or Dobby?
    If you could marry any celebrity, who would it be?
    What do you do to get yourself "sexy"?
    Who is your current crush?
    What hairstyle have you always wanted, but never been willing to try?
    What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve said or done in front of someone you like?
    What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
    Who is your celebrity crush?
    If you could change one thing about your body, what would it be?
    Who was your first kiss? Did you like it?
    Who are you jealous of?
    If you could be another girl at our school, who would you be?
    Would you kiss a guy on the first date? Would you do more than that?
    Who are the top five cutest guys in our class? Rank them.
    How many kids do you want to have in the future?
    Who do you hate the most?
    If you could go out on a date with a celebrity, who would it be?
    If you were stranded on a deserted island, who would you want to be stranded with from our school?
    Have you ever flirted with your best friend’s siblings?
    Have you ever been dumped? What was the reason for it?
    Jock, nerd, or bad guy?
    Have you ever had a crush on friend's boyfriend?
    Who is your first pick for prom?
    What's the sexiest thing about a guy?
    What's the sexiest thing about a girl?
    What's one physical feature that you would change on yourself if you could?
    Would you rather be a guy than a girl? Why?
    Describe your dream career.
    If you could eat anything you wanted without getting fat, what would that food be?
    If you had to do a game show with someone in this room, who would you pick?
    Would you go a year without your phone if it meant you could marry the person of your dreams?
    You are going to be stuck on a desert island, and you can only bring five things. List them.
    If you could only wear one hairstyle for the rest of your life, would you choose curly hair or straight hair?
    You have to give up one makeup item for the rest of your life. What is it?
    Would you date someone shorter than you?
    If someone paid you $1000 to wear your bra outside your shirt, would you do it?