    Who do you want to make out with the most?
    If you had to flash just one person in this room, who would it be?
    If you haven't had your first kiss yet, who in this room do you want to have your first kiss with?
    Of the people in this room, who would you go out with?
    Describe the most attractive thing about each person in this room.
    Who here do you think is the best flirt?
    Who has the best smile?
    Who has the cutest nose?
    How about prettiest eyes?
    Who's the funniest in this room?
    What's one thing you would never do in front of someone you had a crush on?
    How often do you check yourself out in the mirror when you're on a date?
    Who here do you think would be the best kisser?
    Who has the best dance moves?
    If you could have one physical feature of someone in this room, what would that be?
    What is your wildest fantasy?
    How far would you go with someone you just met and will never see again?
    Rate me on a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.
    If I was a food, what would I be, and how would you eat me?
    Would you choose a wild, hot relationship or a calm and stable one?
    If you had one week to live and you had to marry someone in this room, who would it be?
    If you only had 24 hours to live and you could do anything with anyone in this room, who would it be and what would you do with that person?
    What's your biggest turn-on?
    And your biggest turn-off?
    Would you go out with me if I was the last person on earth?
    What's the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
    What's the sexiest thing about [fill in the name of a person in the room]?
    If you could go on a romantic date with anyone in this room, who would you pick?
	    Have you ever flashed someone?
    Have you ever sexted anyone?
    Have you ever been to a nudist beach? Would you consider going?
    Would you ever consider posing for Playboy?
    Who has seen you without clothes on?
    Have you ever seen a naughty magazine?
    Have you ever sent a nude selfie? Who would you send it to?
    Have you ever searched for something dirty on the internet?
    Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
    What's your favorite body part on your partner?
    How many people have you kissed?
    Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
    When and where was your first kiss? Who was it with?
    When did you lose your virginity, and to whom did you lose it?
    What's your ultimate sexual fantasy?
    Would you go out with an older guy? How old is too old?
    Do you sleep in the nude?
    How much money would we have to pay you for you to agree to flash your boobs?
    Have you ever been in a "friends with benefits" situation?
    If you had to go skinny dipping with someone, who in this room would you choose?
    If I paid you $100, would you wear your sexiest clothes to class?